Add nonhydrostatic test group (#374)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/users_guide/ocean/test_groups/nonhydro.rst

`Vitousek et al. (2014) <http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ocemod.2014.08.008>`_
to validate the nonhydrostatic capability of MPAS-O.

The test group includes 2 test cases. The first one describes a 
continuously-stratified internal seiche and is presented in section 5.3
in Vitousek et al. (2014). The second one describes internal solitary 
waves and is presented in section 5.5. All test cases have 4 steps:
``initial_state``, which defines the mesh and initial conditions for the model,
``hydro``, which performs time integration of the standard hydrostatic 
model, ``nonhydro``, which performs time integration of the nonhydrostaic 
version of MPAS-O, and finally ``visualize``, which compares the solutions
obtained with the hydrostatic and nonhydrostatic model.

stratified_seiche
-----------------

The domain is a 10mx10m box discretized in the horizontal with 64 cells and
in the vertical with 100 layers. The initial density depends on the hyperbolic
tangent of an internal cosine wave, and density contours are localized at the 
stratified interface. The set config options for this test case are: 

.. code-block:: cfg

    # config options for the horizontal grid

>     [horizonatl_grid]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [horizontal_grid]
```

2000 m, and it discretized with 1200 cells in the horizontal and 100 
layers in the vertical. The initial density depends on the hyperbolic
tangent of a Gaussian depression, and then evolves into a train of 
solitary-like waves. The set config options for this test case are:

.. code-block:: cfg

    # config options for the horizontal grid
    [horizontal_grid]

    #Number of cells in the x-direction
    nx = 1200

    #Number of cells in the y-direction
    ny = 4

    #Distance from two cell centers
    dc = 250.0

    # config options for the solitary wave testcase
    [solitary_wave]

    #Depth of the bottom of the ocean
    maxDepth = 2000.0

    #Number of vertical levels
    nVertLevels = 100

    #Alpha in eos 
    eos_linear_alpha = 0.2

    #Beta in eos
    eos_linear_beta = 0.8

    #Reference temperature
    eos_linear_Tref = 10.0

    #Reference salinity
    eos_linear_Sref = 35.0

    #Reference density
    eos_linear_densityref = 1000.0

    #Upper-layer depth
    h1 = 250.0

    #Density difference
    deltaRho = 1.0

    #Wave interface thickness
    interfaceThick = 200.0

    #Wave amplitude
    amplitude = 250.0

    #Wavelenght
    wavelenght = 15000.0

> The hydrostatic and nonhydrostatic simulations are run for 1d and 16h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hydrostatic and nonhydrostatic simulations are run for 40h
```
I think this is more clear. Otherwise one might think that these are the respective simulation times or two different simulation times.

using split-explicit with a baroclinic time-step of 1min and a 

> barotropic time-step of 1s. A plot at 1d and 16h is produced and shows 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
barotropic time-step of 1s. A plot at 40h is produced and shows 
```
